Merge Branch-DG Hong Liang with master (#254)
AY2223S1-CS2103-F09-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

* executes user commands using the `Logic` component.
* listens for changes to `Model` data so that the UI can be updated with the modified data.
* keeps a reference to the `Logic` component, because the `UI` relies on the `Logic` to execute commands.
* depends on some classes in the `Model` component, as it displays `Person` objects and `Event` objects residing in the `Model`,

> and may display statistics for `Event` objects as well.

Reviewer: Jic coz the Event class doesn't contain the statistics directly but derived from the persons 
```suggestion
and can display statistics of `Persons` objects tagged to `Event` objects as well.
```

How the `Logic` component works:
1. When `Logic` is called upon to execute a command, it uses the `AddressBookParser` class to parse the user command.
1. This results in a `Command` object (more precisely, an object of one of its subclasses e.g., `AddPersonCommand`) which is executed by the `LogicManager`.
1. The command can communicate with the `Model` when it is executed (e.g. to add a person).
1. The result of the command execution is encapsulated as a `CommandResult` object which is returned back from `Logic`.

The Sequence Diagram below illustrates the interactions within the `Logic` component for the `execute("deletePerson 1")` API call.

> ![Interactions Inside the Logic Component for the `delete 1` Command](images/DeletePersonSequenceDiagram.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Interactions Inside the Logic Component for the `deletePerson 1` Command](images/DeletePersonSequenceDiagram.png)
```

Author: thx for catching!

Additionally, saving of the updated events list has been excluded from this diagram for simplicity.
</div>

### Editing Events

The Edit Event feature that is accessed through the `editEvent` command allows users to edit existing marketing campaigns of

> the `event` class in the application.

Reviewer 2: Might be better to use capital case for `Event` class, but there's a lot of edits for this, so it's also ok if you want to leave it as lower case.
```suggestion
the `Event` class in the application.
```

Author: oh ok yes i think ill jus leave it as lower case

> the `event` class in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `Event` class in the application.
```

> The `event`edited by the user allows the user to edit any combination of the 4 existing fields:

Reviewer: Thanks for doing this up. I actually left it EditEvent out since only a few chosen commands have to be explained but thanks for working on it. 
```suggestion
The `event`edited by the user allows the user to edit one or more of the 4 existing fields:
```

Author: oh i see i thought needed all the commands that we made :")

- Title of the `event`
- Date of the `event`
- Time of the `event`
- Purpose of the `event`

The `editEvent` operation is facilitated by `EditEventCommand` which extends from `Command`. If the users' input matches
the `COMMAND_WORD` of `EditEventCommand` in `AddressBookParser#parseCommand()`, `EditEventCommandParser#parse()` will

> process the additional user inputs which constitute any combination of the 4 optional fields and return a `EditEventCommand`.

Reviewer 2: I think `optional` here is a bit confusing, may be it's better to delete it?
```suggestion
process the additional user inputs which constitute any combination of the 4 fields and return a `EditEventCommand`.
```

Author: oh i see yup will change

> process the additional user inputs which constitute any combination of the 4 optional fields and return a `EditEventCommand`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
process the additional user inputs which include one or more of the 4 optional fields and return a `EditEventCommand`.
```

Executing this Command object through the `EditEventCommand#execute()` triggers the `Model` interface's
`Model#setEvent()`. This operation subsequently calls upon the `AddressBook#setEvent()` operation which in turn calls

> upon the `UniqueEventList#setEvent()` operation and the existing `event` will be replaced with the new edited `event`in memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
upon the `UniqueEventList#setEvent()` operation and the existing `event` will be replaced with the new edited `event` in memory.
```

Author: thx for catching

> upon the `UniqueEventList#setEvent()` operation and the existing `event` will be replaced with the new edited `event`in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
upon the `UniqueEventList#setEvent()` operation and the existing `event` will be replaced with the new edited `event` in memory.
```

> The addEvent operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the current list of events, which will save the edited event to a .JSON format together with all other `Person`(s) and `Event`(s) in memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The editEvent operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the edited event with all other `Person`(s) and `Event`(s) to a .JSON format in memory.
```

> The addEvent operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the current list of events, which will save the edited event to a .JSON format together with all other `Person`(s) and `Event`(s) in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The editEvent operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the current list of events, which will save the edited event to a .JSON format together with all other `Person`(s) and `Event`(s) in memory.
```

The following sequence diagram will illustrate how the `editEvent` operation works:

> ![AddEventSequenceDiagram](images/EditEventSequenceDiagram.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![EditEventSequenceDiagram](images/EditEventSequenceDiagram.png)
```

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** `cmd` in the diagram represents the edit
event command text entered by user; the `setEvent(E1, E2)` method replaces event E1 with event E2 in the event list

> in the model. `event` represents the event class created and stored within EditEventCommand.

Reviewer 2: I didn't find `event` in the diagram, do you mean `E1`, `E2` or something else?

Author: ah yes i forgot to delete that thx for the catch

Additionally, saving of the updated events list from has been excluded from this diagram for simplicity.
</div>

### Add Person

The Add Person feature that is accessed through the `addPerson` command allows users to add persons of the `Person` class to the contact list in the application.

>  The `person` added by the user will have 6 compulsory user-specified fields:

Reviewer 2: Same as the comment for `event`, I think its better to use Upper case `Person`, but it's also ok to use lowercase though

Author: yup i think ill leave it as lowercase

- Name of the `person`
- Address of the `person`
- Date of birth of the `person`
- Email of the `person`
- Gender of the `person`

> - Phone number of the `person`

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's better to follow the order of fields in user guide and code
```suggestion
- Name of the `person`
- Phone number of the `person`
- Email of the `person`
- Address of the `person`
- Gender of the `person`
- Date of birth of the `person`
```

Author: ah i see yes it would be more consistent thx!

> - Phone number of the `person`

Reviewer: Can `person` be used to refer to an instance of `Person` or do we have to use `Person` for all? Coz this will affect the `Event` methods as well above which I previously used `event` for

```suggestion
 The `Person` added by the user will have 6 compulsory user-specified fields:
- Name of the `Person`
- Address of the `Person`
- Date of birth of the `Person`
- Email of the `Person`
- Gender of the `Person`
- Phone number of the `Person`
```

Author: i think its fine!

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** There is also a Uid field that is a unique identification
value of type String that is automatically generated for every new person when they are instantiated.
</div>

The `addPerson` operation is facilitated by `AddPersonCommand` which extends from `Command`. If the users' input matches
the `COMMAND_WORD` of `AddPersonCommand` in `AddressBookParser#parseCommand()`, `AddPersonCommandParser#parse()` will
process the additional user input which constitutes the 6 compulsory fields and return an `AddPersonCommand`.

Executing this Command object through the `AddPersonCommand#execute()` triggers the `Model` interface's
`Model#addPerson()`. This operation subsequently calls upon the `AddressBook#addPerson()` operation which in turn calls
upon the `UniquePersonList#add()` operation and the `person` will be stored in memory.

The addPerson operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the current

> list of persons, which will save the new person to a .JSON format together with all other `Event`(s) and `Person`(s) in memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The addPerson operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the new person to a .JSON format together with all other `Event`(s) and `Person`(s) in memory.
```

Author: ah it looks ok on my end but might be the newline character, have removed it

The following sequence diagram shows the methods calls related to the add person operation:

![AddPersonSequenceDiagram](images/AddPersonSequenceDiagram.png)

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** `cmd` in the diagram represents the add
person command text entered by user. The specific `UniquePersonList` operations are not shown in the diagram
for simplicity. Additionally, saving of the updated persons list from has also been excluded from this diagram for simplicity.
</div>

#### Add Gender field (Closer look)

> Let's take a closer look at how the `AddPersonCommand` adds the `gender` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's take a closer look at how the `AddPersonCommand` adds the `Gender` field.
```

Author: thx for catch

The following activity diagram shows what happens when a user executes a new add person command:

> ![AddPersonActivityDiagram](images/AddPersonGenderActivityDiagram.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![AddPersonGenderActivityDiagram](images/AddPersonGenderActivityDiagram.png)
```

thrown if the person to add already exists in the contact list. Error message is displayed on the GUI subsequently.
</div>

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:**Due to limitations of PlantUML, there are a few extra branch nodes that are created. Do ignore these.
</div>

#### Design considerations:

**Aspect: Whether gender field should be optional for a person:**

* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Compulsory gender field:
    * Pros: It is a more logical implementation as gender is a common attribute for all persons,
  similar to name, address, etc, which are also compulsory fields for persons.
    * Cons: It is less flexible, as the gender cannot be left blank.

* **Alternative 2:** Optional gender field:
    * Pros: It is a more flexible implementation, since the user has the choice to set gender to male, female or leave it blank.
    * Cons: It is less logical since gender is usually a required and given field when discussing the properties of a person.

#### Add Date of Birth field (Closer look)

> Let's take a closer look at how the `AddPersonCommand` adds the `date of birth` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's take a closer look at how the `AddPersonCommand` adds the `DateOfBirth` field.
```

The following activity diagram shows what happens when a user executes a new add person command:

> ![AddPersonActivityDiagram](images/AddPersonDobActivityDiagram.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![AddPersonDobActivityDiagram](images/AddPersonDobActivityDiagram.png)
```

</div>

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:**Due to limitations of PlantUML, there are a few extra branch nodes that are created. Do ignore these.
</div>

#### Design considerations:

**Aspect: Whether date of birth field should be optional for a person:**

* **Alternative 1 (current choice):** Compulsory date of birth field:
    * Pros: It is a more logical implementation as date of birth is a common attribute for all persons,
  similar to name, address, etc, which are also compulsory fields for persons.
    * Cons: It is less flexible, as the date of birth cannot be left blank.

* **Alternative 2:** Optional gender field:
    * Pros: It is a more flexible implementation, since the user has the choice to set a date of birth or leave it empty.
    * Cons: It is less logical since date of birth is usually a required and given field when discussing the properties of a person.

### Edit Person

The Edit Person feature that is accessed through the `editPerson` command allows users to edit persons of the `Person` class in the contact list of the application.

>  The `person` edited by the user allows the user to edit any combination of the 6 existing fields:

Reviewer: Just to be clearer since 0 fields may be a seen as one of the many combination too
```suggestion
 The `person` edited by the user allows the user to edit one or more of the 6 existing fields:
```

Author: thx for rephrasing

- Name of the `person`
- Address of the `person`
- Date of birth of the `person`
- Email of the `person`
- Gender of the `person`

> - Phone number of the `person`

Reviewer 2: Same as above
```suggestion
- Name of the `person`
- Phone number of the `person`
- Email of the `person`
- Address of the `person`
- Gender of the `person`
- Date of birth of the `person`
```

The `editPerson` operation is facilitated by `EditPersonCommand` which extends from `Command`. If the users' input matches
the `COMMAND_WORD` of `EditPersonCommand` in `AddressBookParser#parseCommand()`, `EditPersonCommandParser#parse()` will

> process the additional user input which constitutes any combination of the 6 optional fields and return a `EditPersonCommand`.

Reviewer 2: Same as above (in edit event feature)

The additional user input also contains the index of the person to edit, do you want to mention it here?
```suggestion
process the additional user input which constitutes any combination of the 6 fields and return a `EditPersonCommand`.
```

Author: ah yup missed the index will make the changes

Executing this Command object through the `EditPersonCommand#execute()` triggers the `Model` interface's
`Model#setPerson()`. This operation subsequently calls upon the `AddressBook#setPerson()` operation which in turn calls
upon the `UniquePersonList#setPerson()` operation and the existing `person` will be replaced with the new edited `person` in memory.

The addPerson operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the current

> list of persons, which will save the edited person to a .JSON format together with all other `Event`(s) and `Person`(s) in memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The editPerson operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the edited person to a .JSON format together with all other `Event`(s) and `Person`(s) in memory.
```

Author: thx for catching!

in the model. The specific `UniquePersonList` operations are not shown in the diagram for simplicity.
</div>

#### Edit Gender field (Closer look)

> Let's take a closer look at how the `EditPersonCommand` edits the `gender` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's take a closer look at how the `EditPersonCommand` edits the `Gender` field.
```

Author: thx for catching!

The following activity diagram shows what happens when a user executes a new edit person command:

> ![EditPersonActivityDiagram](images/EditPersonGenderActivityDiagram.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![EditPersonGenderActivityDiagram](images/EditPersonGenderActivityDiagram.png)
```

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** Only the
activities related to gender field are considered and shown in this activity diagram. All fields are considered optional

> in edit person command, therefore, it is not compulsory that gender field must be provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in edit person command, therefore, it is not compulsory to provide the gender field.
```

> in edit person command, therefore, it is not compulsory that gender field must be provided.

Reviewer: Should we remove this section since we are zooming in on gender (i.e like case 1 of editPerson) and so gender field must be provided here

```suggestion
<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** Only the
activities related to gender field are considered and shown in this activity diagram. 
```

Author: i think its fine to leave it as its to reiterate that it is optional

</div>

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:**Parser exceptions are thrown and caught if
the gender is not of valid format; Invalid person exception is thrown if the person to edit doesn't exist in the
contact list. Error message is displayed on the GUI subsequently.
</div>

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:**Due to limitations of PlantUML, there are a few extra branch nodes that are created. Do ignore these.
</div>

#### Edit Date of Birth field (Closer look)

> Let's take a closer look at how the `EditPersonCommand` edits the `date of birth` field.

Reviewer 2: Im not sure if this is better, not really necessary to change
```suggestion
Let's take a closer look at how the `EditPersonCommand` edits the `DateOfBirth` field.
```

Author: ok won't change then thx for suggesting though!

The following activity diagram shows what happens when a user executes a new edit person command:

> ![EditPersonActivityDiagram](images/EditPersonDobActivityDiagram.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![EditPersonDobActivityDiagram](images/EditPersonDobActivityDiagram.png)
```

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** Only the

> activities related to date of birth field are considered and shown in this activity diagram. The edit person command only requires at least one of the optional fields to be given, all of the fields are optional, therefore, it is not compulsory that a date of birth field must be provided.

Reviewer: Same as the above since we now have a section already dedicated to explaining editPerson
```suggestion
activities related to date of birth field are considered and shown in this activity diagram. 
```

Author: hmmmm ok will change

addressbook. Error message is displayed on the GUI subsequently.
</div>

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:**Due to limitations of PlantUML, there are a few extra branch nodes that are created. Do ignore these.
</div>

> ### \[Proposed\] Undo/redo feature

Reviewer 2: Maybe delete this undo/redo feature since we are not using it?

Author: mmmm ok will do!

_{more aspects and alternatives to be added}_

> ### Listing Events

Reviewer 2: I think it's better to order the person-related features before event-related, or by alphabetical order

Author: ah ic ok will move all person features down

  * Cons: Hard to implement as a new form of storage or memory has to be created to maintain the relative ordering of
    events.

### Make Statistics

> The Make Statistics feature that is accessed through the `makeStats` command allows users to generate statistics of the persons of the `Person` class that are tagged to an event of the `Event` class, and show a piechart of the statistics in a new window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Make Statistics feature that is accessed through the `makeStats` command allows users to generate statistics of the persons of the `Person` class that are tagged to an event of the `Event` class, and shows a piechart of the statistics in a new window.
```

There are 2 types of statistics that can be generated:

> * Age: Shows the proportion of ages of the `persons` tagged to the `event` based on 5-year age ranges.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Age: Shows the proportion of age groups of the `persons` tagged to the `event`. Each age group has a 5-year age range.
```

Author: nice rephrase will change

> * Age: Shows the proportion of ages of the `persons` tagged to the `event` based on 5-year age ranges.

Reviewer: Does this make it clearer?
```suggestion
* Age: Shows the proportion of ages of the `persons` tagged to the `event`  binned into 5-year age categories.
```

Author: mmmm i used qiaorans version already so ill stick with hers thx for rephrasing though!

> * Gender: Shows the proportion of genders of the `persons` tagged to the `event`, seperating them into either `Male` or `Female`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Gender: Shows the proportion of genders of the `persons` tagged to the `event`, separating them into either `Male` or `Female` categories.
```

> Users specify the type by specifying the 2 fields below:

Reviewer: Since we also specifying index and not just type 
```suggestion
Users will specify the following fields for the makeStats command below:
```

- Index of the `event`
- Type of statistic to generate from the `event`

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** Age is generated using the date of birth of the persons tagged to the event and is calculated from the current real-time date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** Age is generated using the date of birth of the persons tagged to the event and is calculated with respect to the real-time date when the application is run.
```

Author: will change

</div>

The `makeStats` operation is facilitated by `MakeStatsCommand` which extends from `Command`. If the users' input matches
the `COMMAND_WORD` of `MakeStatsCommand` in `AddressBookParser#parseCommand()`, `MakeStatsCommandParser#parse()` will

> process the additional user input which constitutes the 6 compulsory fields and return an `AddPersonCommand`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
process the additional user input which constitute 2 compulsory fields above, and return an `MakeStatsCommand`.
```

> process the additional user input which constitutes the 6 compulsory fields and return an `AddPersonCommand`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
process the additional user input which constitutes the 2 compulsory fields and return an `MakeStatsCommand`.
```

Executing this Command object through the `MakeStatsCommand#execute()` first triggers the `Model` interface's
`Model#setData()`. This operation updates the list of piechart data in the `Model`.

 Then, the `Logic` interface's `Logic#setPieChartData()` is triggered. This operation subsequently calls upon the `MainWindow#setPieChart()` operation which in turn calls upon the `MainWindow#handleStats()` operation, which finally culminates with a call upon the `StatsWindow#show()` which displays the piechart in a new window.

The following sequence diagram shows the methods calls related to the make stats operation:

> ![AddPersonSequenceDiagram](images/MakeStatsSequenceDiagram.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![MakeStatsSequenceDiagram](images/MakeStatsSequenceDiagram.png)
```

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** `cmd` in the diagram represents the make stats command text entered by user.
</div>

> ### Tagging Events

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Tagging Event
```

> The Tag Event feature that is accessed through the `tagEvent` command allows users to tag persons from existing marketing campaigns of the `event` class in the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Tag Event feature that is accessed through the `tagEvent` command allows users to tag persons  in the contact list to existing marketing campaigns of the `event` class in the application.
```

Reviewer 2: This should be persons list
```suggestion
The Tag Event feature that is accessed through the `tagEvent` command allows users to tag persons  in the persons list to existing marketing campaigns of the `event` class in the application.
```

Author: thx for catching

In order to tag persons from `events`, users need to specify:
- Index of the `event`

> - Index(s) of the `persons` to tag from the `event`

Reviewer 2: I think we shouldn't put `persons` here since `persons` is not really an object or class, but the change below also looks abit weird
```suggestion
- Index(s) of the `person`s to tag from the `event`
```

Author: yea... was why i put it inside but i think this is more correct so ill just put this

> - Index(s) of the `persons` to tag from the `event`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Index(s) of the `person`(s) to tag to the `event`
```

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** Tagging of persons from an event is basically the same as editting an event, except we are now editing the Uid list that is in the event, which is the list of the Uids of persons tagged to the event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** Tagging of persons to an event is basically the same as editing an event, except we are now editing the `UidList` in the event, which is the list of the Uids of persons tagged to the event.
```

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** Tagging of persons from an event is basically the same as editting an event, except we are now editing the Uid list that is in the event, which is the list of the Uids of persons tagged to the event.

Reviewer: Not sure if this will confuse the reader of the DG more than helping him understand the application better since he might be wondering if we are triggering the editEvent command

```suggestion
<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** Tagging of persons from an event is basically the same as editing an event, except we are now editing the Uid list that is in the event, which is the list of the Uids of persons tagged to the event.
```

Author: oh... was trying to explain why the diagram looks very similar to the editEvent diagram... not sure but i think its fine?

</div>

The `tagEvent` operation is facilitated by `TagEventCommand`, which extends from `Command`. If the users' input matches the `COMMAND_WORD` of `TagEventCommand` in `AddressBookParser#parseCommand()`, `TagEventCommandParser#parse()` will process the additional user inputs which constitute 2 compulsory fields above and return a `TagEventCommand`.

Executing this Command object through the `TagEventCommand#execute()` triggers the `Model` interface's
`Model#setEvent()`. This operation subsequently calls upon the `AddressBook#setEvent()` operation which in turn calls

> upon the `UniqueEventList#setEvent()` operation and the existing `event` will be replaced with the new edited `event` with the new tagged `persons` in memory.

Reviewer 2: Same as above for `persons`

Author: will change

> upon the `UniqueEventList#setEvent()` operation and the existing `event` will be replaced with the new edited `event` with the new tagged `persons` in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
upon the `UniqueEventList#setEvent()` operation and the existing `event` will be replaced with the new edited `event` with the new tagged `person`(s) in memory.
```

> The tagEvent operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the current list of events, which will save the edited event to a .JSON format together with all other `Person`(s) and `Event`(s) in memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The tagEvent operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the edited event to a .JSON format together with all other `Person`(s) and `Event`(s) in memory.
```

The following sequence diagram will illustrate how the `tagEvent` operation works:

> ![AddEventSequenceDiagram](images/TagEventSequenceDiagram.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![TagEventSequenceDiagram](images/TagEventSequenceDiagram.png)
```

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** `cmd` in the diagram represents the tag
event command text entered by user; the `setEvent(E1, E2)` method replaces event E1 with event E2 in the event list

> in the model. `event` represents the event class created and stored within TagEventCommand.

Reviewer 2: i didn't find `event` on the diagram, did i miss it or do you mean something else?

Author: oh yes forgot to delete thx for catching

Additionally, saving of the updated events list has been excluded from this diagram for simplicity.
</div>

> ### Untagging Events

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Untagging Event
```

The Untag Event feature that is accessed through the `untagEvent` command allows users to untag persons from existing marketing campaigns of the `event` class in the application.

> In order to untag persons from `events`, users need to specify:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to untag persons from a `event`, users need to specify:
```

- Index of the `event`

> - Index(s) of the `persons` to untag from the `event`

Reviewer 2: I think we shouldn't put `persons` here since `persons` is not really an object or class, but the change below also looks abit weird
```suggestion
- Index(s) of the `person`s to untag from the `event`
```

> - Index(s) of the `persons` to untag from the `event`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Index(s) of the `person`(s) to untag from the `event`
```

> <div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** Untagging of persons from an event is basically the same as editting an event, except we are now editing the Uid list that is in the event, which is the list of the Uids of persons tagged to the event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** Untagging of persons from an event is basically the same as editing an event, except we are now editing the `UidList` in the event, which is the list of the Uids of persons tagged to the event.
```

Author: ah ok thx for rephrasing

> </div>

Reviewer: If you're removing the above, can remove here too

The `untagEvent` operation is facilitated by `UntagEventCommand`, which extends from `Command`. If the users' input matches the `COMMAND_WORD` of `UntagEventCommand` in `AddressBookParser#parseCommand()`, `UntagEventCommandParser#parse()` will process the additional user inputs which constitute 2 compulsory fields above and return a `UntagEventCommand`.

Executing this Command object through the `UntagEventCommand#execute()` triggers the `Model` interface's
`Model#setEvent()`. This operation subsequently calls upon the `AddressBook#setEvent()` operation which in turn calls

> upon the `UniqueEventList#setEvent()` operation and the existing `event` will be replaced with the new edited `event` with the new untagged `persons` in memory.

Reviewer 2: Same as above for `persons`

> upon the `UniqueEventList#setEvent()` operation and the existing `event` will be replaced with the new edited `event` with the new untagged `persons` in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
upon the `UniqueEventList#setEvent()` operation and the existing `event` will be replaced with the new edited `event` with the new untagged `person`(s) in memory.
```

> The tagEvent operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the current list of events, which will save the edited event to a .JSON format together with all other `Person`(s) and `Event`(s) in memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The untagEvent operation will also trigger the `StorageManager#saveAddressBook()` operation which will save the edited event to a .JSON format together with all other `Person`(s) and `Event`(s) in memory.
```

The following sequence diagram will illustrate how the `untagEvent` operation works:

> ![AddEventSequenceDiagram](images/UntagEventSequenceDiagram.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![UntagEventSequenceDiagram](images/UntagEventSequenceDiagram.png)
```

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-info">:information_source: **Note:** `cmd` in the diagram represents the untag
event command text entered by user; the `setEvent(E1, E2)` method replaces event E1 with event E2 in the event list

> in the model. `event` represents the event class created and stored within UntagEventCommand.

Reviewer 2: Same as above for `event`

Author: will change

   1. Re-launch the app by double-clicking the jar file.<br>
       Expected: The most recent window size and location is retained.

### Deleting a person

1. Deleting a person while all persons are being shown

   1. Prerequisites: List all persons using the `listPerson` command. Multiple persons in the list.

   1. Test case: `delete 1`<br>

>       Expected: First contact is deleted from the list. Details of the deleted contact shown in the status message. Timestamp in the status bar is updated.

Reviewer: You're changing the `delete` to `deletePerson` right! I'll just wait for the updates

Author: ah yup is changed now
